The StrucEng Library snippets includes all functionalities for the strucutral analysis of concrete, reinfroced concrete and masonry. The following page shows the implemented functionalites and the most import high level methods and attributes of the StrucEng Library. In the background the compas and compas_fea is used (The credit for developing the this goes to the guys of the Block research group:  at Block research. classes and how to use the main Structure object, including some of the Structure object’s most important high level methods and attributes.


The compas_fea package of the COMPAS framework seeks to aid the user, be they an architect, scientist or engineer, in creating and analysing a suitable finite element model for their problem. This is achieved by creating a Structure object, to contain geometric information about the model, and then to apply loads, displacements, materials and other objects for a subsequent analysis. This construction of the Structure object may be performed in a pure scripting manner with Python, and/or through various modules that help construct the object through existing or parametrically generated geometry.

Once the model has been constructed, it may be analysed through a finite element solver in the background, with the data then stored back into the original object or as raw data files. The data can then be post-processed to display the results either through stand-alone viewers and applications, or with visualisation support from specific CAD or finite element software.
